Fix bugs in the threading article (#1723)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/advanced/threading-model.md

There's an easier way to run the code on a new thread while synchronizing the results, the [Task-based asynchronous pattern (TAP)](/dotnet/standard/asynchronous-programming-patterns/task-based-asynchronous-pattern-tap). It's based on the <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task> and <xref:System.Threading.Tasks.Task%601> types in the `System.Threading.Tasks` namespace, which are used to represent asynchronous operations. TAP uses a single method to represent the initiation and completion of an asynchronous operation. There are a few benefits to this pattern:

- The caller of a `Task` can choose to run the code asynchronously or synchronously.
- Progress can be reported from the `Task`.
- The calling code can suspend execution and wait for the result of the operation.

### Task.Run example

> In this example, we mimic a remote procedure call that retrieves a weather forecast. When the button is clicked, the UI is updated normally to indicate that the data fetch is in progress, while a task is started to mimic fetching the weather forecast. When the task is started, the button event handler code is suspended until the task finishes. After the task finishes, the event handler code continues to run. The code is suspended and it isn't blocking the rest of the UI thread. The synchronization context of WPF handles suspending the code, which allows WPF to continue to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we mimic a remote procedure call that retrieves a weather forecast. When the button is clicked, the UI is updated to indicate that the data fetch is in progress, while a task is started to mimic fetching the weather forecast. When the task is started, the button event handler code is suspended until the task finishes. After the task finishes, the event handler code continues to run. The code is suspended, and it doesn't block the rest of the UI thread. The synchronization context of WPF handles suspending the code, which allows WPF to continue to run.
```
